hey everybody is froz and in this video
I'm making my southern fried chicken it
is so good very easy to make you do not
need a whole lot of ingredients and
guess what I think it's better than
Popeyes that's right
so I want you to give this recipe a try
there's everything that you will need
let's get to it so I'm starting off with
my chicken I'm using chicken thighs and
chicken legs you can use whatever pieces
you want and I'm just going to start off
by trimming all the excess skin and all
the fat that we do not need you don't
need that so get rid of it
wash your chicken under cool water and
now we're going to just brine our
chicken in buttermilk I'm not going to
add any fancy spices to this buttermilk
no salt none of that you don't need it
because buttermilk is salty enough so
all you need is buttermilk for this step
cover this chicken set it in the
refrigerator for three whole hours now
we're going to remove the chicken from
the buttermilk don't rinse it or
anything just remove it from that
buttermilk and now we're going to season
it so I'm starting off with my poultry
seasoning I'm going to add a teaspoon of
my garlic powder a teaspoon of my onion
powder at this time some black pepper
now I'm going to add my smoked paprika
so I'm going to use my hands to just rub
all those seasonings in and I'm going to
rub the bottom and the top so all
surfaces of that chicken
set your chicken aside and let's work on
our flour I like to season my flour it
really pains me when I PC people seize
my chicken and don't season the flour so
now we're going to add some white pepper
the rest of our garlic powder the rest
of our onion powder a little bit of salt
and just use your hands to make sure
everything is well throughout that
flatworm so grab your chicken
now you're going to coat your chicken
with the flour and we're actually going
to coat all of our chicken pieces
so coat set it aside then coat it again
so here's my oil I'm using canola you
can use corn oil or peanut oil I never
use peanut oil if you have let me know
what you think of that but my oil is on
360 I'm going to deep fry the chicken
and be sure not to over crowd your pan
or deep fryer otherwise your chicken
will not cook evenly so this is the
finished look of my chicken is nice and
golden brown and you know I have to show
you the inside is nice and moist and
that is completely done a lot of people
like it's too moist to be all the way
done baby we brined it in buttermilk so
it's going to be moist look no blood no
nothing it is completely done and good
to go crispy skin nice juicy meat and
that's it I want to know what you want
me to make next so leave that down below
please give this video a thumbs up
subscribe if you have not already and be
sure to come by I heart recipes every
Tuesday and Saturdays for new video
recipes